hey what's going on guys a CP and I'm
back with some more my team this time
where we're going to be doing some pack
openings I had a bit over 18,000 VC to
spend this time around and the next time
around it's a bit over 21 so all up
spending about 40k gonna try and get my
hands on a gold legend because I'm still
chasing that gold legend I still haven't
got one yet if you know of any tips and
tricks feel free to share down below in
the comments section for myself and
anyone that might see the ones that I've
heard look at me getting the same coach
twice in a row and it's funny because
actually get him a third time so I'm
gonna have to sell Frank Vogel so
apparently if you go on a two game win
streak and then go on a pack opening
spree you got more of a chance of
getting some gold legends I've also
heard that when you spend roughly around
50 k vc or know somewhere around there
that they'll normally spit out a Golden
Legend and like it just keeps repeating
so after about 50 K each time normally
get a gold legend I'm not sure how true
this is i'm not sure if any if it's true
maybe it's just all in our head and it
just randomly gives you whatever
whenever I mean I'm gonna get to Celtic
courts in a row in a minute so if you've
got anything else you want to add feel
free to share I'll be noticing some more
silver things popping up on my packs
lately it's good because remember we
never used to get any of those silver
six skills or jerseys running for like
that so it's good so I actually recorded
this video a few weeks ago and back then
is when they first started introducing
these new things into the rotation back
then I was running with a silver coach
because they were hardly ever spitting
out those gold coaches but on this pack
opening spree I finally got my hands on
a gold coach and here's the Celtic
courts popping up like I wanted a second
Boston court in a row give me a damn
legend but I got dead eyes that's just
us a hand ecigs good are we got to put
down one of my shooters
so I just got posterized now that's one
of the six skills that I normally end up
selling and I don't put in any of my
players because I reckon it's a waste of
salary in my opinion I think you're
better off using finisher that's just my
opinion so this is what I dope so Doc
Rivers pops up I'm not going to use
Frank Vogel's so I got my gold coats
order for the time being he's got like
plus five defensive awareness is a very
defensive-minded coach the defense of
tempo is up to like 95 and you see I got
Chandler Parsons right here in another
Frank Vogel so at the time when I got
him here was injured and had to wait for
him to come back from his calf but you
see that he's worth 17,000 something vc
so i'll be able to sell him and i'll be
able to go on another pack opening spree
so this is the start of the 21,000 pack
opening spree i'm just going to skip
through this party because end up
getting jack yet again except one
guy this is one guy that end up keeping
and your back to see him in a second
going with the purple season kickoff
pack I do that once maybe out of like
every ten gold packs and you see I get
the man Phil Jackson and unfortunately
there's not much you can actually bring
to my team in terms as a player not a
coach because you go through and have a
look at his ratings so I'll probably
keep him in my collection just to say
that I got Phil Jackson but that's about
it you're not going to see him in any
starting lineup or on the bench so this
pack opening spree is almost over not
much to show for it I've got Phil
Jackson I got Chandler Parsons which I'm
going to sell and open up some more
packs I got some white-hot heat uniforms
here that I'm going to be using got
myself a gold coach and some cigs skills
apart from that I didn't get much did I
just going to have to keep trying for
this gold legend